doc: add option to have support me link (#53312)
nodejs/node: doc/contributing/reconizing-contributors.md

  done by individuals or teams like those mentioned. This should
  encourage other people to get involved and make similar contributions

## Sponsorship link on nodejs/node README.md

> Collaborators may add a single link beside their name on the nodejs/node

Reviewer: Is this only for collaborators, or is it for all organization members?

Author: @RedYetiDev, which non-collaborators listed on the README.md do you have in mind?

Reviewer: None, I was just asking because the linked issue mentions more than just collaborators. I just wanted some clarification

Author: k thanks

README.md page named `Support me`. This link may be:

> 1. a direct link to one of the sponsorship platforms listed below

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. a direct link to one of the sponsorship platforms listed below,
```

> 2. a page which has text explaining how to support the collaborator
>    including zero or more links to the sponsorship platforms listed below.
>    The page shoud not have any outgoing links other than to the
>    sponsorship platforms. We expect and trust collaborators to ensure that
>    the text is professional and repectful.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. a page that has text explaining how to support the collaborator
   including zero or more links to the sponsorship platforms listed below.
   The page should not have any outgoing links other than to the
   sponsorship platforms. We expect and trust collaborators to ensure that
   the text is professional and respectful.
```

> 2. a page which has text explaining how to support the collaborator
>    including zero or more links to the sponsorship platforms listed below.
>    The page shoud not have any outgoing links other than to the
>    sponsorship platforms. We expect and trust collaborators to ensure that
>    the text is professional and repectful.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
2. a url which has text explaining how to support the collaborator
   including zero or more links to the sponsorship platforms listed below.
   We expect and trust collaborators to ensure that
   the text and all the outgoing links are professional and repectful.
```

In my personal case, I am more interesting in building a personal site that explains how to support my work in Open Source like (support.ulisesgascon.com or similar)  and I probably will promote my own books that are for sale, referral links to platforms such as Digital Ocean or contributions that I did in the past, etc... So, with the existing definition I am limited only to add links to sponsorship platforms but not to other outgoing links.

I believe that the links should be as professional and respectful as the text included.

Side Note: I am not yet using sponsorship platforms as I need to investigate how the taxes will work for it in my local context (Spain)

Reviewer 2: I think the idea is to forbid to link back to your sponsors – which might be worth stating explicitly, as I think it can be easily overlooked.

Author: > I think the idea is to forbid to link back to your sponsors

@aduh95 I'm not sure I follow.

@UlisesGascon I do understand your concern. I was trying to address earlier concerns that were raised about pointing to sponsorship options that would reflect poorly on the project.  My suggestion for one page + defined outoing links was to address that but open to other suggestions as well.

The sponsorship platforms to which links can be made currently
includes (in alphabetical order):

* [GitHub Sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors)

> * [Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/)

Reviewer 5: OpenCollective does not work for individuals.

I recommend we include thanks.dev and polar.sh.

Author: @mcollina added.

Reviewer 5: I think OpenCollective should be removed. It's not a system built for individuals.

Author: @mcollina removed

  done by individuals or teams like those mentioned. This should
  encourage other people to get involved and make similar contributions

## Sponsorship link on nodejs/node README.md

Collaborators may add a single link beside their name on the nodejs/node
README.md page named `Support me`. This link may be:

1. a direct link to one of the sponsorship platforms listed below,
2. a page that has text explaining how to support the collaborator
   including zero or more links to the sponsorship platforms listed below.
   The page should not have any outgoing links other than to the
   sponsorship platforms. We expect and trust collaborators to ensure that
   the text is professional and respectful.

The sponsorship platforms to which links can be made currently
includes (in alphabetical order):

* [GitHub Sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors)
* [Polar](https://polar.sh/)
* [thanks.dev](https://thanks.dev)

> 

Author: OpenCollective was in originally and was asked to be removed because it does not work for individuals.

> 

Author: In terms of etc. I think others can be PR'd in as they are identified suggested.

  done by individuals or teams like those mentioned. This should
  encourage other people to get involved and make similar contributions

## Sponsorship link on nodejs/node README.md

> Collaborators may add a single link beside their name on the nodejs/node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Collaborators may add a single link beside their name on the
```

Both this file and the README are in the same repository, so I don't think it needs to be specified explicitly

Author: I think it is better to be specific in this case.

> README.md page in the section titled `Collaborators`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[`README.md`](../../README.md) page in the section titled `Collaborators`
```

> README.md page in the section titled `Collaborators`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
README.md file in the section titled `Collaborators`
```

Author: made that change separately as it shows as outdated

> [`README.md`](../../README.md) page in the section titled `Collaborators`

Author: ```suggestion
[`README.md`](../../README.md) file in the section titled `Collaborators`
```

1. a direct link to one of the sponsorship platforms listed below,
2. a page that has text explaining how to support the collaborator
   including zero or more links to the sponsorship platforms listed below.
   The page should not have any outgoing links other than to the
   sponsorship platforms. We expect and trust collaborators to ensure that
   the text is professional and respectful.

The sponsorship platforms to which links can be made currently
includes (in alphabetical order):

* [GitHub Sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors)

> * [Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/)

Author: ```suggestion
```
